Support passing arrays as Badge children (#1443)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/early-seahorses-wash.md

---
'braid-design-system': patch

> ---

Author: I thought the changeset script would have handled that for me

> ---

Reviewer: If you specifically do `nr changesets` it should, but if you did `nr changeset` it might've just defaulted to the stock CLI.

---
'braid-design-system': patch
---

---
updated:
  - Badge
---

> Allow `Badge` to take arrays of values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Badge**: Allow `Badge` to take arrays of values
```

Previously, `Badge` only accepted a `string` as children, to prevent the use of other components inside a `Badge`.

> However, inserting some kind of variable inside the `Badge` will be typed as array of strings, which means the following very reasonable use case was not allowed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when a variable is included with text inside the `Badge`, the children property is interpreted as an array. This prevents a very reasonable use case from being allowed:
```
